phyllis stampers welcome to the craft
room today i want to show you another
quick magnet project we're gonna be
making this glass bauble or glass gem
magnet using designer series paper so
let's get started you're going to need a
clear decorative glass gem we're also
going to be using our three quarter inch
circle punch as well as some designer
series paper and I'm going to be using
the flirtatious designer series paper
and we're going to begin by just
punching out a piece of our designer
series paper and you can move your punch
around to find an area that is
interesting to you that you think will
make a great magnet the next thing we're
going to use is some decoupage medium
there are a number of decoupage mediums
out there you could probably also use
just matte gel medium but your collage
podge or Mod Podge any of those will
work and what we're going to do is just
coat the back of the decorative gem with
your decoupage medium and we're also
going to coat the paper the side that
you want the magnet to be with the same
decoupage medium and once you've got
both of those coated we're going to
press them together and you want to
press really hard to remove any kind of
air bubbles and really get your designer
series paper right up against the glass
of that gem and you can lift it up and
press a little bit and then we want to
set that aside to dry and once that's
dry we're going to come in with our
paper snips and we just want to go
around the edge and cut away all of that
excess designer series paper so once
you've got all of your designer series
paper cut away your back will look
something like this and then we want to
come in again with our decoupage medium
and just give it another coat right over
that so we're sealing the other side of
our designers
paper and you can go right up against
the glass gem that's no problem and then
we've got to go ahead and set that aside
to dry and once that's dry we only have
one last step to do we just need to turn
our magnet over we're going to add some
crystal effects to the back to attach
our ceramic disc magnet and I'm just
using a half inch ceramic dis magnet
then I'm just pressing on to the back if
you want to protect your metallic
surfaces from getting scratched the last
thing you could do is punch a half inch
circle of your designer series paper and
we can go ahead and add that to the back
of our magnet with a little dab of
crystal effects that way once you start
using your magnet you don't actually
have the magnet itself rubbing against
your metallic surfaces and I'm just
going to go ahead and set that aside to
dry so there you have it a really simple
project to make adorable little magnets
using your designer series paper I hope
you've enjoyed this project and I look
forward to seeing you again very soon
here in the craft room
you